Download latest distribution from [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/downloads/list Downloads] section, unzip and copy on your PHP enabled web server.

=== Cookies ===
There is a few cookies that you can use to customize look and feel of HAR Viewer. See following list:

  * *timeline* (_boolean_) - Use this cookie to show/hide a timeline section displayed on the Preview tab. Set to true by default.
  * *stats* (_boolean_) - Use this cookie to show/hide a statistics section displayed on the Preview tab. Set to true by default.
  * *phaseInterval* (_number, ms_) - Number of milliseconds (1000 by default) specifying a maximum gap between two requests. If a time lag between two HTTP requests (counted from the end of the first one till the beginning of the second one) exceeds the limit, the graphical timeline breaks layout and requests are drawn again from the beginning (left side) of the waterfall   diagram. See [http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/firebug/firebug-net-panel-timings/ more] about this feature.
  * *validate* (_boolean_) If set to true, viewer is automatically validating input HAR logs against JSON schema.


=== UI Customization ===
HAR Viewer also provides APIs that can be used to customize viewer's UI. For example, you can remove default tabs or toolbar buttons that are not necessary for your needs.

The customization can be done within index.php. This file represents usually the entry point of the HAR Viewer application.

Here is a simplified version of the file:

{{{
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>HTTP Archive Viewer @VERSION@</title>
</head>
<body class="harBody">
    <div id="content" version="@VERSION@"></div>
    <script src="scripts/requireplugins-jquery.js"></script>
    <script>require(["harViewer"]);</script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/harViewer.css" type="text/css"/>
</body>
</html>
}}}

  * {{{<div id="content">}}} element contains entire HAR Viewer UI
  * {{{scripts/requireplugins-jquery.js}}} includes RequireJS + JQuery. HAR Viewer is built on top of these libraries.
  * {{{require(["harViewer"]);}}} loads entire HAR Viewer module and all dependent modules.
  * {{{VERSION@}}} is dynamically replaced by the current version number during the [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/wiki/Installation build] process.


It is possible to registers an event listener to the {{{content}}} element and perform various customization of the UI at the right moment. There are following events you can handle.

  * {{{onViewerPreInit}}} Fired before the viewer renders itself into the page.
  * {{{onViewerInit}}} Fired after the viewer is fully initialized and rendered in the page.
  * {{{onViewerHARLoaded}}} Fired after a HAR file has been appended into the viewer.

See following example that shows how to register a listener.

{{{
<body class="harBody">
    <div id="content" version="@VERSION@"></div>
    <script src="scripts/requireplugins-jquery.js"></script>
    <script>require(["harViewer"]);</script>
    <script>
    $("#content").bind("onViewerPreInit", function(event)
    {
        // Get application object
        var viewer = event.target.repObject;
    });
    </script>
</body>
}}}


== Removing Unnecessary Tabs ==
Some of the application's tabs (such as _Home_, About, etc.) are not always necessary in production releases. Following example shows how we can remove them.

{{{
$("#content").bind("onViewerPreInit", function(event)
{
    // Get application object
    var viewer = event.target.repObject;

    // Remove unnecessary tabs
    viewer.removeTab("About");
    viewer.removeTab("Schema");
});
}}}


== Hide Tab Bar ==
In order to make the viewer easier to use for the end user we might want to hide the entire tab bar (the area where tab labels are displayed) and show only preview of HAR logs.

Following example removes all tabs except of _Preview_ and hides the 
tab bar.

{{{
$("#content").bind("onViewerPreInit", function(event)
{
    // Get application object
    var viewer = event.target.repObject;

    // Remove unnecessary tabs
    viewer.removeTab("Home");
    viewer.removeTab("DOM");
    viewer.removeTab("About");
    viewer.removeTab("Schema");

    // Hide the tab bar
    viewer.showTabBar(false);
});
}}}

== Remove Toolbar Buttons ==
Similarly to tabs, you can also remove existing toolbar buttons. Again, see an example that removes _Download_ and _Clear_ buttons from the _Preview_ tab.


{{{
$("#content").bind("onViewerPreInit", function(event)
{
    // Get application object
    var viewer = event.target.repObject;

    // Remove toolbar buttons
    var preview = viewer.getTab("Preview");
    preview.toolbar.removeButton("download");
    preview.toolbar.removeButton("clear");
});
}}}


== Timeline & Statistics ==
In order to control visibility of a page _timeline_ and _statistics_ you can use following APIs:

{{{
$("#content").bind("onViewerPreInit", function(event)
{
    // Get application object
    var viewer = event.target.repObject;

    // Make sure stats and timeline is visible
    // to the user by default
    var preview = viewer.getTab("Preview");
    preview.showStats(true);
    preview.showTimeline(true);
});
}}}

== Custom Page Timings ==
_Available since HAR Viewer 2.0.8, not yet released._

Timings of events related to the page load such as _onLoad_ and _DOMContentLoaded_ events are displayed as vertical lines drawn over network requests. Following example shows how to append new timings coming from HAR custom fields (see _Custom Fields_ in HAR 1.2 spec).

Let's imagine following HAR file snippet (the _page.pageTimings_ object) with one new custom field.

{{{
"pageTimings": {
    "onContentLoad": 5605, 
    "onLoad": 6964,
    "_onMyEvent": 4000
}, 
}}}

_Note that custom fields must start with an underscore_

There is a new field called _onMyEvent_ with a corresponding timing value that says when it happened since the page load beginning.

Now we need to register that field within the viewer as follows:

{{{
$("#content").bind("onViewerPreInit", function(event)
{
    // Get application object
    var viewer = event.target.repObject;

    // Make sure stats and timeline is visible
    // to the user by default
    var preview = viewer.getTab("Preview");

   // Add custom page timing displayed as a vertical line
   // over request in the first phase.
    preview.addPageTiming({
        name: "_onMyEvent",
        description: "A custom page timing"
    });
});
}}}

The new vertical line presenting our new timing will be green, however we can also specify a CSS class for it.

{{{
preview.addPageTiming({
    name: "onPaint",
    classes: "onPaintBar",
    description: "MozAfterPaint event fired"
});
}}}

And define the class:

{{{
<style type="text/css">
.onPaintBar {
    background-color: gray;
}
}}}


== Feedback ==
Do you need more? Please [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/issues/list create a report].