#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
== Distribution Package ==
The easiest way to install HAR Viewer is downloading the latest distribution from [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/downloads/list Downloads] section, unzip and copy on your PHP enabled web server.

== Resources ==
HAR Viewer is a web application that allows to visualize HTTP tracing logs based on HTTP Archive format (HAR). These files contain recorded information about HTTP traffic performed by web pages. A HAR log can be created by [http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/har-adopters/ HTTP tracking tools] such as Firebug.

  * See [http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/har-12-spec/ HAR spec] to understand structure of HAR file.
  * See [http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/har-adopters/ List of tools] supporting HAR.
  * Check out [http://www.softwareishard.com/har/viewer/ HAR Viewer] online.
  * Use [http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/netexport/ Firebug/NetExport] to monitor HTTP traffic and save collected info into a HAR file.
  * Use HAR [http://groups.google.com/group/http-archive-specification?hl=en newsgroup] to discuss HAR spec.

== Build ==
Following steps describe how to build your own distribution of HAR Viewer.

  * Checkout HAR Viewer source code from SVN (read only copy)
  {{{svn checkout http://harviewer.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ harviewer}}}

  * Build distribution by running [http://ant.apache.org/ ant] in the root directory
  {{{ant}}}

  * New *Release* directory is created. Copy content of this directory on to your PHP enabled web server.

== Customize Build ==

As explained in the section above, the build process is based on {{{ant}}}. This process utilizes a {{{ant.properties}}} file that can be used to customize:

  * {{{VERSION}}} Version number of the viewer.
  * {{{GOOGLE-ANALYTICS-PROFILE}}} ID of google analytics profile. If set, google analytics will apply automatically using provided ID (not set by default). This property is available since HAR Viewer 1.1-9

== PHP ==
The viewer provides two default PHP files that can be used to preview a HAR file. See [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/wiki/API API] for more nformation how to further customize these files.

  * {{{index.php}}} The main HAR Viewer page that shows detailed information summary about loaded HAR file(s).

  * {{{pagelist.php}}} Simplified preview of a single HAR file. Can be used as embedded iframe withing another page (e.g. blog post). This page expects one parameter {{{path}}} that specifies location of the input HAR file.


Online examples:

[http://www.softwareishard.com/har/viewer/index.php HAR Viewer]:
{{{http://www.softwareishard.com/har/viewer/index.php}}}

[http://www.softwareishard.com/har/viewer/index.php?path=examples/google.com.har Load specified HAR by default]:
{{{http://www.softwareishard.com/har/viewer/index.php?path=examples/google.com.har}}}

[http://www.softwareishard.com/har/viewer/pagelist.php?path=examples/google.com.har Simple Preview]:
{{{http://www.softwareishard.com/har/viewer/pagelist.php?path=examples/google.com.har}}}


== Known Issues ==
   * On CentOS you need to install the Apache Ant version 1.6.5 and then the optional Ant trax package to successfully build harviewer.

{{{
$ yum install ant.x86_64
$ yum install ant-trax.x86_64
}}}