Use this page to learn about changes in HAR Viewer releases. For complete summary of all changes see also [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/source/browse/trunk/webapp/ReleaseNotes.txt Release Notes] within the distribution.

== HAR Viewer 2.0.15 (in-progress) ==
  * API for [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/wiki/API#Request_Column_Customization column customization] in the Preview tab.
  * Cookies: _hiddenCols_ replaced by _previewCols_

== HAR Viewer 2.0.14 ==
  * Column customization in the Preview tab.
  * Support for search within HAR log in the DOM tab. 
  * New [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/wiki/Customization?ts=1315753789&updated=Customization cookies]

== HAR Viewer 2.0.13 ==
  * Support for embedding of HAR preview in a web page, see [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/wiki/Customization#HAR_Preview_Embedding HAR Preview Embedding].

== HAR Viewer 2.0.12 ==
  * New API for loading HAR files, see [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/wiki/API#Loading_HAR_Files Loading HAR Files] docs.

== HAR Viewer 2.0.11 ==
  * Support for console.timeStamp() introduced in Firebug 1.8b3
  * Better information in time info tip (for the waterfall timeline)
  * Visual separator between two requests groups.
  * Home tab provides a short note about loading HARs through JSONP.

== HAR Viewer 2.0.10 ==
  * Replace '$' by 'jQuery' so, the code works even in jQuery safe mode.
  * If 'expand=true' is specified in the URL all page lists are expanded by default.
  * Wordpress plugin for embedding HAR log preview within a blog post. (documentation: TBD)

== HAR Viewer 2.0.9 ==

  * Update to RequireJS 0.24.0. This update required changes in index.php file. In case you are customizing your distribution using different index.php file, check [http://code.google.com/p/harviewer/wiki/API API]. All examples are up to date. RequireJS is not bundled together with jQuery.js anymore and you need to explicitly include both these files.

  * Resizeable HTML Previews
  * Disable phase-break by setting phaseInterval cookie to zero or less